README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="assets/img/lightning-static.png" height="200"></p>
<h1 align="center">Lightning Proxy</h1>
<p align="center">Fully static proxy that actually works!</p>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you fork this project, giving it a star in the original repo would be greatly appreciated! <br>
> Please leave in the credits!


## Features
- Works on github pages
- Fully static
- Simple, clean, easy to use UI
- Easy to fork and edit
- Based on ultraviolet


## Editing
- To edit the home page, edit server.html, not index.html, as index.html handles the iframe.
- Try to leave in the credits!


## How to Deploy
1. Fork this repo and name it yourusername.github.io. (If you name it anything else it will not work)
2. Under your repository name, click Settings. If you cannot see the "Settings" tab, select the dropdown menu, then click Settings.
3. In the "Code and automation" section of the sidebar, click Pages.
5. Under "Build and deployment", under "Branch", use the branch dropdown menu and select a publishing source. (usually main)
6. Click save and wait up to 10 minutes before vising yourusername.github.io, or when the section "Your site is live at yourusername.github.io" shows up, and then you can click "visit".
7. Enjoy!
> [!NOTE]
> You will have to wait a little before you reload your page for the "visit" section to show up.

## Credits
This is a fork from vividelitezz's ChitChatUnblocker. However, almost everything was changed except the ultraviolet stuff. I am not saying that this code is completely mine, but almost all of the orginal CCU styling and pages were either replaced or deleted, except the ultraviolet and search stuff. But, this is just for fun. I do not intend to steal anyone's work.

Commit message:

Update README.md to clarify some things and add to-do section
I am not a alt for lebbietheluke

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="assets/img/lightning-static.png" height="200"></p>
<h1 align="center">Lightning Proxy</h1>
<p align="center">Fully static proxy that actually works!</p>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> If you fork this project, giving it a star in the original repo would be greatly appreciated! <br>
> Please leave in the credits!


## Features
- Static (Works on github pages)
- Simple, Easy to use UI
- Fast
- Based on ultraviolet


## How to Deploy
1. Fork this repo and name it YOURGITHUBUSERNAME.github.io. (If you name it anything else it will not work)
2. Under your repository name, click Settings. If you cannot see the "Settings" tab, select the dropdown menu, then click Settings.
3. In the "Code and automation" section of the sidebar, click Pages.
5. Under "Build and deployment", under "Branch", use the branch dropdown menu and select a publishing source. (usually main)
6. Click save and wait up to 10 minutes before vising YOURGITHUBUSERNAME.github.io, or when the section "Your site is live at YOURGITHUBUSERNAME.github.io" shows up, and then you can click "visit".
7. Enjoy!
> [!NOTE]
> You will have to wait a little before you reload your page for the "visit" section to show up.


## Editing
- To edit the home page, edit server.html, not index.html, as index.html handles the iframe.
- Please leave in the credits!


## To-Do
- [ ] Change name. (Maybe) Lightning proxy sounds very simular to CCU's new name, ElectricalBypass.
- [ ] Make look better
- [ ] Add a optional password system
- [ ] Release V2 (After above)

## Credits
This is a fork from vividelitezz's ElectricalBypass. However, verything was changed except the ultraviolet stuff. I am not saying that this code is completely mine. All of the orginal styling and pages were either replaced or deleted, excluding the ultraviolet black magic. But, this is just for fun. I do not intend to steal anyone's work. In the future, I will change this to no longer be a fork. (Once I add more things)
